README.md, before:

# luffy

> Self-hosted automatic torrents indexer for seasonal anime

<div align="center">

<a href="https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/version-v1.0.0-x?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&color=cba6f7"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy/pkgs/container/luffy"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-image-x?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&color=89b4fa"/></a>
<a href="https://parceljs.org/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/bundler-parcel-x?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&color=f9e2af"/></a>
<a href="https://coffeescript.org/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with-coffeescript-x?style=for-the-badge&logo=coffeescript&color=a6e3a1"/></a>

</div>

<br />

<div align="center">

  <img src="./imgs/mockup.png" width="90%"/>
</div>

## Index

- [Notes](https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy#notes)
- [Installation](https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy#installation)
  - [Docker compose](https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy#docker-compose-recommended)
  - [Docker build](https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy#docker-build)
  - [Node.js](https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy#nodejs)
- [Screenshots](https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy#screenshots)
- [Credits](https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy#credits)

## Notes

## Installation

For any of these installation methods, the UI is available at `http://127.0.0.1:4000`.

### Docker compose (recommended)

If you have a good processor to host this app, you should try this method. If not, try the node.js method.

1. Install Docker and the Docker compose plugin.

2. Create a directory called `luffy` and create a `docker-compose.yml` file like this:

```yml
version: "3"

services:
  luffy:
    image: ghcr.io/davnpsh/luffy:experimental
    ports:
      - "4000:4000"
    environment:
      # Your TheMovieDB api key:
      - TMDB_API_KEY=
    # Map this volume if you want to control the data about episodes
    # inside the container
    volumes:
      - ./episodes:/usr/src/luffy/public
```

3. Inside that folder, run:

```sh
docker compose up -d
```

### Docker build

If you want to build the image by yourself, follow these steps:

1. Install Docker.

2. Clone this repository:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy.git
```

3. Inside the project directory build the image (replace `IMAGE_NAME` and `TAG` for whatever you like):

```sh
docker build -t IMAGE_NAME:TAG .
```

4. Create and run a container with the app:

```sh
docker run -p 4000:4000 -e TMDB_API_KEY=$ENV_VAR IMAGE_NAME:TAG
```

Where `$ENV_VAR` is your TheMovieDB api key.

### Node.js

This project was developed with node.js version 21.5.0. If using a prior version, make sure at least dependencies are up-to-date. You MUST also **install a web browser compatible with [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/)** (Chromium recommended).

1. Install node.js and npm.

2. Clone this repository:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy.git
```

3. Inside the project directory, install dependencies:

```sh
npm install
```

4. Create a `.env` file in the root of the project with your TheMovieDB api key:

```text
TMDB_API_KEY=your_api_key
```

5. Run the project with:

```sh
npm run bundle
```

## Screenshots

<div align="center">

### Homepage

  <img src="./imgs/1.png" width="90%"/>

### Gallery

  <img src="./imgs/2.png" width="90%"/>

### Show details

  <img src="./imgs/3.png" width="90%"/>
</div>

## Credits

You can see this project as a mere indexer. All the content is from [Subsplease](https://subsplease.org/) and [TheMovieDB API](https://developer.themoviedb.org/docs/getting-started). I am **NOT** affiliated with either.

Commit message:

Added more considerations to the Node.js instructions

README.md, after:

# luffy

> Self-hosted automatic torrents indexer for seasonal anime

<div align="center">

<a href="https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/version-v1.0.0-x?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&color=cba6f7"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy/pkgs/container/luffy"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-image-x?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&color=89b4fa"/></a>
<a href="https://parceljs.org/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/bundler-parcel-x?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&color=f9e2af"/></a>
<a href="https://coffeescript.org/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with-coffeescript-x?style=for-the-badge&logo=coffeescript&color=a6e3a1"/></a>

</div>

<br />

<div align="center">

  <img src="./imgs/mockup.png" width="90%"/>
</div>

## Index

- [Notes](https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy#notes)
- [Installation](https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy#installation)
  - [Docker compose](https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy#docker-compose-recommended)
  - [Docker build](https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy#docker-build)
  - [Node.js](https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy#nodejs)
- [Screenshots](https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy#screenshots)
- [Credits](https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy#credits)

## Notes

## Installation

For any of these installation methods, the UI is available at `http://127.0.0.1:4000`.

### Docker compose (recommended)

If you have a good processor to host this app, you should try this method. If not, try the node.js method.

1. Install Docker and the Docker compose plugin.

2. Create a directory called `luffy` and create a `docker-compose.yml` file like this:

```yml
version: "3"

services:
  luffy:
    image: ghcr.io/davnpsh/luffy:experimental
    ports:
      - "4000:4000"
    environment:
      # Your TheMovieDB api key:
      - TMDB_API_KEY=
    # Map this volume if you want to control the data about episodes
    # inside the container
    volumes:
      - ./episodes:/usr/src/luffy/public
```

3. Inside that folder, run:

```sh
docker compose up -d
```

### Docker build

If you want to build the image by yourself, follow these steps:

1. Install Docker.

2. Clone this repository:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy.git
```

3. Inside the project directory build the image (replace `IMAGE_NAME` and `TAG` for whatever you like):

```sh
docker build -t IMAGE_NAME:TAG .
```

4. Create and run a container with the app:

```sh
docker run -p 4000:4000 -e TMDB_API_KEY=$ENV_VAR IMAGE_NAME:TAG
```

Where `$ENV_VAR` is your TheMovieDB api key.

### Node.js

First, you need to consider the following:

- Due to the ffmpeg binary included, only **Linux x64** systems are supported.

- This project was developed with node.js version 21.5.0. If using a prior version, make sure at least dependencies are up-to-date.

- **Install a web browser compatible with [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/)** (Chromium recommended).

Then, follow these instructions:

1. Install node.js and npm.

2. Clone this repository:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/davnpsh/luffy.git
```

3. Inside the project directory, install dependencies:

```sh
npm install
```

4. Create a `.env` file in the root of the project with your TheMovieDB api key:

```text
TMDB_API_KEY=your_api_key
```

5. Run the project with:

```sh
npm run bundle
```

## Screenshots

<div align="center">

### Homepage

  <img src="./imgs/1.png" width="90%"/>

### Gallery

  <img src="./imgs/2.png" width="90%"/>

### Show details

  <img src="./imgs/3.png" width="90%"/>
</div>

## Credits

You can see this project as a mere indexer. All the content is from [Subsplease](https://subsplease.org/) and [TheMovieDB API](https://developer.themoviedb.org/docs/getting-started). I am **NOT** affiliated with either.
